# CollegeCampusNetwork

Smart College Network Design refers to the design of a college system which is converted to adapt to recent times. It covers the entire university, displaying smart classrooms and admin rooms to monitor the classes in a pandemic situation. It provides different service such as connect user to internet, data sharing among user, accessing different web service for different functionalities. 
Special care is provided to follow the COVID rules so that no touch is necessary to operate simple IoT devices which are used on daily bases. The system is designed in such a way that it can eb operated through anyone with a smart phone and doesn’t distinguish the user. when implemented will be a smart, efficient, and comprehensible college campus network which will not be just a bunch of devices connected to each other through VLAN. The network technology is intelligent and scalable in both size and enhancement of the technology. There is complete access to the entire classroom or lab through an admin providing control of each function to the user. There is a remote access to the devices connected to the network which can be used to do on the fly operations through long distances. Different activities in campus network, starting form corridors, to classrooms is designed to provide the ease and efficiency, in recent changed daily life of a student, faculty and university staff alike. We will be using the cisco packet tracer for the implementation. 
Keyword: IOT, Cisco Packet Tracer
